Instead you see
Are you satisfied with this processing result?
The end of his Lin Chusheng is that he insists on going his own way
self-inflicted
As for Lin Dong
He committed luggage
Hand him over to the business
Although the investigation brother is just a normal procedure,
That's right, say it instead
You are wronged
Now I announce the position of Group Chief Financial Officer
yours
Bend over and swallow all the backbone
Move the thin sun to our door
A project that could take the group to the top
It's only worth one group CFO.
That's not good enough.
And him Lin Chusheng
His shares belong to me
The inverse.
The hand is the position of the firewood officer, not yet
He still wants me to be the head of the family
Can't the second sister-in-law go to the official?
What if it's not us?
Is it right?
Then the two of them made it very clear.
This project is a temporary group you want.
Opportunity to board the bureau building?
Can't miss it, yeah?